Use ccache in build-in-docker by default (#225)
NVIDIA/spark-rapids-jni: CONTRIBUTING.md

### cudf Submodule and Build

[RAPIDS cuDF](https://github.com/rapidsai/cudf) is being used as a submodule in this project.
Due to the lengthy build of libcudf, it is **not cleaned** during a normal Maven clean phase
unless built using `build/build-in-docker`. `build/build-in-docker` uses `ccache` by default
unless CCACHE_DISABLE=1 is set in the environment.

> Boolean property `-Dlibcudf.clean.skip=false` can also be set manually to clean libcudf
> build area in addition to the normal clean of `target/` directories.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`-Dlibcudf.clean.skip=false` can also be specified on the Maven command-line to force
libcudf to be cleaned during the Maven clean phase.
```
